With the fortunate few being selected and gone, we're left
here on Earth with a ticking clock.
We have about a year before our
air becomes completely methanized.
Natural disasters  such as earthquakes that occur without
warning  and can cause great destruction
Volcanic eruptions that
destroy everything in its path
And methane gas releases in spurts
have become a reoccurring event
But there could be a way out
CROB or The Center for
Research on Organic Biominerals
is a closely guarded group of scientists
who discovered a biomineral: Movilennium
Movilennium is a volatile biomineral
that is found deep in the mines.
It is extremely valuable and rare. CROB
scientists claim that with enough Movilennium
they can conduct a genetic experimenton the human genome that can alter the DNA of a human being
and turn him into what they call a 'Methanite'.
A being that's able to breathe methanized air
Which will become prevalent in
the atmosphere in about a year
The claim was found bona fide which
has caused the rise of competition
over dominance of land containing
resources -especially Movilennium.
In the search for Movilennium,
people have formed coalitions
called tribes which allow them to work
together in order to become 'Methanites'.
The world is in chaos as the tribes are
willing to kill in order to turn into reality
the newfound hope to evolve...